[Music]
welcome back to another video today we
are in Singapore we've woken up in
Singapore we ride last night so it's the
first day here I've been doing live the
street so our explain is but obviously
first stop first things first you
probably know the drill by now is coffee
so yeah I'll just take you along
throughout our day in Singapore its
presentation bit is so cool right look
at this honeycomb building
[Music]
folk we're in like a market called
Bluebird Street he recommended like
apparently felt essentially everything
here and I think it's open 24 hours you
know a mooch around here we have
nitrogen which shop that was been away
so
[Music]
so we've just been walking about it's so
cool here it's like I can't because I
can more advanced London we walked round
all markets and we just said like a
prayer like Beasley's or 16 you burn and
then put up parents and it kind of thing
[Music]
like McDonald's
so we thought we'd just grab a snack but
there was really
this is marina bass time
[Music]
so just coming to the top of Marina Bay
frontier
we met
because they're in trouble as well
unless she learned what the weather is
like
so pramana
please
amazing been dying to dig anyway
[Music]
what is it
the world at universe sugar-free
well large 35 that be a lovely present
we watched at the light show for me as
well and nothing dinner it was a
prototype thing look at this you like
[Music]
that comes
amazing got this unreal
meatball pizza
[Music]
Bible friend
respond
[Music]